In many articles about TC, researchers discuss the value of technical communicators having experience and knowledge in a specific subject area. Spyridakis mentions that programs can take advantage of interdisciplinary curricular opportunities on campus, which could help students to gain knowledge in a specific area. This also relates to Andersen’s opinion that ATC needs to collaborate with other fields to accomplish “cross-disciplinary goals.” It would add value to TC students to work with students in science or engineering, and it would also help raise awareness of TC among faculty and students in other disciplines. In articles by Dicks and Andersen, we read about the importance of integrating ourselves into teams in the workplace and showing how we meet the goals of the organization, and it seems that requiring TC students to work with students in other disciplines would be beneficial to our students and to the field. We struggle to define ourselves and demonstrate our worth, but if we display our value to soon-to-be engineers, scientists, and the like, it would make it easier for people to know why our work is important. 
Spyridakis mentions “durable skills” in her article and references Carliner; he says that employers need students to learn current technologies while in school even though skills and knowledge evolve rapidly. As Rainey and Colleagues mention, it is more important to managers that employees have the capacity to learn new technology than it is for them to know every tool. Spyridakis mentions a report by Meloncon & Henschel regarding the courses offered in TC programs. The report shows that between 40% and 45% of programs offer courses related to document design, specific topics such as proposals, and some type of “web course.” While it seems that 40+% of programs offering specialized courses in different areas would be a positive thing, it doesn’t display how many of these courses are offered at different places. If 90% of the curriculum is basic TC courses and there is one “web course,” is this really meeting the need of the students?  From another perspective, maybe because technology changes so quickly, programs are reluctant to add new courses that focus on a specific skill set in case that skill set becomes outdated. It seems that many necessary TC competencies could be incorporated into each course and could be easily changed as technologies and required skills evolve. Spyridakis discusses that programs should modify classes to incorporate changing needs (print moving to online) and include concept of who is using different types of products and what those products are. As Albers says, “No technology exists alone,” and students should know how they intersect and why certain technologies or tools are more relevant in a given situation. 
Two things are apparent after reading articles about TC; users and technology are always at the center of our field. Spyridakis mentions a quote from the STC that reads, “What all technical communicators have in common is a user-centered approach to providing the right information…” Albers discusses users and says they do not care about the technologies we use as long as they get the information they need in the manner and time that it is needed. As long as new tools or technologies help us to share information in an effective way with users, we should expect to keep up with the latest trends. 
