The research “Do Curricular Correspond to Managerial Expectations? Core Competencies for Technical Communicators” (2005) conducted by K. T. Rainey, R. K.  Turner, and D. Dayton has revealed some surprising facts regarding the most crucial competencies that technical communicators must possess. From both survey and interviews, it is surprisingly noted that not skills in writing ranked number one and two in competencies that managers often look for in potentials employees, but collaborative skills. Moreover, upon technology competencies, the adaptability to new situations and quick learning ability are considered a lot more vital than knowledge of specific software packages. 
In details, skill in collaborating with subject-matter experts was surveyed to be the most important competency with a mean ranking of 4.0. Similarly, with a mean of 3.96, the ability to co-operate with coworkers became the second highest evaluated competency. Normally, the term “technical communicators” are indicated for people who are capable, and in some cases – gifted, to write the most efficient content as well as tone and form of the product towards the specific audience. But from the research, the writing skills are ranked third and fourth with the means of 3.8 and 3.54 respectively. This is beyond expectation yet true in reality. Subject-matter experts (SMEs), in fact, are the personnel who have the biggest expertise in a technical topic. They are crucial in doing the reviewing, improving, guiding, teaching job, so their opinions can leave a huge impact on the final products, and the reactions of audience. Therefore, if the collaboration between communicators and SMEs is not good, opinions may not be fully and clearly processed, or even worse, come to a clash. This can result in waste of time, money, and efforts. On the same page, the atmosphere of the workplace and the relationship between coworkers can affect  not only the feelings, thoughts, and actions of each other, but also the quality of the products. Plus, if there is a superb collaboration between coworkers, they can help each other in doing the job well, such as acknowledging each other with new skills or techniques. 
Besides, the research also mentioned the importance of adaptability and fats learning skill towards new software. This can be explained that as technology is emerging constantly, knowing and mastering skills in working with only one software package can make technical communicators fall behind in the race with other peers who are humble and can learn fast. This information will create changes in recruiting and education in terms of awareness of students before getting to professional technical communication environment. 
