Response to Spyridakis Article

In her article “Identifying New Topics in TC Curricula: Preparing Students for Success In A Changing World”, Spyridakis talks about, as the heading suggests, the new things that need to be taught in order to prepare students for the outside world. She discusses the need for teaching fundamental topics like rhetoric, writing, editing, and design, similar to the findings from Rainey-Dayton’s interviews suggested, since those are a technical communicator’s bread and butter. This is true, since the first requirement of a technical writer is their ability to communicate lucidly to the users. All else is secondary, but as we shall understand later, even this is becoming important.
She also talks about how there is a need for including topics in genres, management and collaboration, UX, methods, programming and tools since those are the some things required in the modern world of technical communicators. In Albers’ article, he talks extensively about the future of technical communication and Spyridakis does this too, but she focuses on what students of technical communication need to be taught now. The whole article, she talks from the perspective of what the faculty of TC programs need to do to make sure students are prepared for the big, bad world of TC. 
Spyridakis further explores the world of TC graduates by surveying 65 tech. comm. programs, similar to the survey of managers that Rainey-Dayton did for their article. Her findings concluded that most courses tended to teach the same basic topics, but very few seemed to have a novel approach and taught unique subjects. She looks at the topics programs should be teaching through the novel method of checking job titles of Tech. Comm. professionals at the Society for Technical Communicators (STC) site. Spyridakis finds out that there is an extensive focus on users on the job market, but there are very few courses which teach subjects that deal with the users.
The findings in the Rainey-Dayton article are talked about a lot by Spyridakis. She compares it to her own findings examining job titles on the STC site where she concludes that the skills that Rainey and Dayton decided were secondary and tertiary, were actually in demand in the current market.
Spyridakis then discusses how teaching niche topics like User Experience (UX) design and similar topics can open up new job avenues for students. Albers’ article dealt with the future of tech. comm and how planning for it would mean a brighter outlook for the people working in the industry already. Spyridakis talks about how the current TC courses should be tailored according to what the industry demands, so that students have a brighter future.
She channels Carliner’s thoughts about how TC programs need to focus on the basics as well as adopting new topics to the curriculum to make the programs relevant to modern times. She concludes with the thought that the topics TC students are taught should be guided by values of the faculty making program decisions and by the interdisciplinary curricular activities on campus. She hopes this will make the students successful TCs of the future.
