Hart-Davidson alters my perspective of a technical communicator within an organization wholly. In his article, "Content Management - Beyond Single Sourcing", he talks about how Content Management is the future of technical communication, not just writing and editing, as is taught in colleges today.
Hart-Davidson talks about how a technical communicator also needs to take on managerial roles today, including managing other content writer. This is because in this information age, since everyone writes, a technical communicator needs to distinguish himself from being just another writer.
Another important responsibility can be to make content resuable and produce content that can be used throughout the organization. A technical communicator needs to take on varied organizational roles and responsibilities. He might have to take on a supervisory role, it might happen that he might not even have to write at all. This was actually a bit shocking to me, since a lot of what we learn in college is to write.
Hart-Davidson makes the job sound very complicated, with his perspective on content management. He talks about a technical communicator's ability to communicate on the phone with people outside the organization. He compares content management with textual air traffic control, which is a comparison that makes sense to me, looking at how he outlines the roles of a content manager within the organization.
He talks about the threats to the jobs for us in the industry, mostly due to the advent of Web 2.0 and the increase in user-generated content. Hart-Davidson also talks about how managers hiring for the job should look at writing as more of an area of strategic activity rather than just a "basic skill", which is totally understandable, since our roles will encompass a variety of positions, and not just writing.
He also talks about the job titles for technical communicators nowadays, which include document/information designer, archivist curator, client liasion, etc, which sound interesting, but complicated. A job search for archivist curator should throw up some interesting results.  