The role of the technical communicator appears to be complex in nature. Many writers in our field find themselves struggling with their identity. What does it mean to be a technical writer? This is the question of the ages. Spyridakis adds some value to the question. She explains in more detail how a technical writer should remain relevant in the changing market. She discusses what technical communication programs should teach and what to think about for future technical writers. Fundamentally, her paper mirrors the previous writings from the past two weeks; however, she separates her argument by providing an outlook of what is expected.

Identifying new topics in technical communication curricula: preparing students for success in a changing world by Spyridakis discusses the roles of technical writer in today’s market and the efforts we must take to stay relevant. She proceeds to describe how a technical communicator can remain relevant in the changing environment. This concept she discusses mirrors R. Stanley Dicks writing of The Effects of Digital Literacy on the Nature of Technical Communication Work. In his writing he discusses how technical communicators must evolve to stay relevant in the job market. He further explains how liquid our job is in the eyes of management. Both articles suggest technical communicators can not be a one-trick pony. Technical communicators need to learn new skills and adapt to the changing roles they take on. This philosophy mirrors Saul Carliner article Computers and Technical Communication in the 21st Century, which discusses the evolution of the technical writing community. In this article Carliner discusses the path our community followed as technology improvements were made. He went on to discuss how writers who were accustom to doing the job a certain way failed to adapt with new technologies, and because of this failure to adapt mentality, they were left behind. It is technology that has helped shape our industry, and at the same time it is technology that has many people within the industry struggling to define their roles. Do they want to stay within one concentration and risk the inevitable or do they want to adapt.

Spyridakis article doesn’t struggle with who we are as a community. Andersen, Rainey et al, and Albers articles discusses the issue with our identity problem. Each take on different aspects of what the community does as a whole, and they all agree on the core knowledge of what a technical communicator should possess. Each writer ask how we can define who we are if we don’t know what our core mission is. I feel that Spyridakis answers in her paper when she is discussing the Topics TC Programs Could be Teaching. She implies that a technical writer will have a firm grasp of foundation work, the stuff learned at school. Then the technical writer will develop has they move from job to job as they gain experience. But the biggest idea she makes towards our profession builds off the idea of the growth of technology, where are we going and how are we getting there. Technical writers need to look at what is happening now and what is on the horizon to stay relevant.

In short, each discussion has a similar message, that is, learn the basic fundamentals of writing, and build your skills based off the coming technological advances. Your identity will be defined based off the content you work with.
