Chris Tognocchi
Digital Literacy

What was surprising from the article, particularly in regards to technological competencies from both samples in the study?

The two competing ideas in this study are interpersonal and collaborative skills, and technology skills. 

Technological aspects of our community were ranked very low on the totem pole. I found it interesting that this study, which was conducted ten years ago, is still trying to define technical communication. In a field that is constantly evolving and adapting to a multitude of industries, the thought of being able to use technologies to help define your role as a technical communicator holds very little value. At least the results of the study would indicate that, but like Spilka discusses in “Digital Literacy for Technical Communication” pages 22-51 on the evolution of technology in the workforce, technology for technical communicators will follow the same evolutionary path.  It will start off with bitter resentment. People will have to redefine their roles or learn new skills. Adaptation to progress will soon give way to new ideas and concepts. Technology will only enable technical communicators to be more effective in the long run. In 2005, technology within the community was within its infancy, fast forward ten years and technology is all around us. I wonder if the results would be the same if we conducted this same study now. 

People skills were ranked higher compared to technology skills. I think that the author is right with their argument that people skills are important, but so are the ability to utilize technology in a manner conducive to the industry. I also feel that many businesses are in a better position to train their employees than any university. Under the Collaborative competencies the discussion suggest that technical communication programs need to focus on the interpersonal and collaborative skills. This is further supported under the Technology competencies where one respondent stated that they would hire someone with those skills and train them in the technology.
  
Looking to the future, we can have universities develop programs for to help students learn technology, but without input from the field, how effective will these programs be. We could develop interpersonal and collaboration skills as well, but without hands on experience and feedback, these skills would suffer the same fate as technology skills. Interpersonal and collaboration skills are the only constant in this equation. You either have them or you don't, but you can develop them. Technology on the other hand is constantly evolving, and this is where the dilemma lies within our field. I believe that companies need to make a vested interest into the universities that teach technical writing or they need to develop their own programs. 
