In this reading, Hart-Davidson did inform and remind me of many things: information is a valuable asset of every firm, communication is the process and the reason for a company to operate, the relationship between technical communicators and the markup languages like SGML, HTML, XML, etc. However, the most crucial point made was definitely the role of technical communicators in any organization. Like many other people working outside the field, I did have the stereotype about the role of technical communicators as minor in an enterprise, where things like finance, marketing, accounting play all the major parts. However, by reading the paper, looking at the roles and goals of content managers, especially by reading the realistic example included of Sonia, I was blown away by how big technical writers can do inside and outside the company. The example about the job of Sonia as a content analyst gave me a great insight about the particular work technical communicators do every day. “Translate the various “raw” code formats we get from the various publications whose feeds we license to one of our two internal formats, depending on the electronic pipeline we want to push the content through” sounds complicated enough not to underestimate the role of her in the flow or the working process of the whole company. And before this reading, I have never thought about this kind of work nor the people who will operate it. The job definitely requires a lot of skills and knowledge, and must be indeed classified as a strategic activity for the company. But even before the example, Hart-Davidson did state how technical communicators happened to play various parts and deploy varied sets of skills in their careers: editors, information architectures, usability analysts, interaction designers, project managers, client liaisons, and even more. Knowing how the economy looks like in the U.S., I simply realized how vital technical communicators’ performance is. With that being said, like Hart-Davidson, I do hope to see more respect towards technical communicators in the workplace by managers and other people outside the field. As for me, this reading did not only give me an important insight of the work of technical communicators but also their expanded roles. 