Project Two Progress Report
Where do I begin? I was able to get my XML and XSLT to work right away. The hardest thing I had to overcome was typing up all the data. I thought that part of the assignment was easy, and the more I thought about it, the more I started to think there had to be more to it. I wanted to be able to provide multiple outputs for my project, so in an effort to exceed expectations I began my re-education of computer programming languages, server side applications and everything in between. I would see different programs from W3School (and other sources) and would think it would be a nice addition to my project. However, I have spent a lot of time reverse engineering snippets of code to no avail. I didn’t want my project to be bland so I in my attempt to be different and boost the performance of my XML data, I tried to create a fop to output to a PDF. This task was fruitless, at least for me, as I do not possess the right tools to output PDF files. Apparently you need a program to view the files as you are creating them. Next, I created an HTML page but have yet successfully migrated the XML data the way I want it to be displayed. I investigated different means for displaying the information on a single web page. I came close a few times, but in the end I came up short. I have been working with JavaScript to display the content on a web page. I was successful with getting the content to display on the page, but not in the manner in which I wanted it to. I consolidated my project from 400 entries to 20 entries so I can figure out how to get the program to work the way I want it to, not how it wants to. I have looked at JQuery, XPath, PHP, JavaScript, and many other programs to get the performance that I desire. I feel that I am on the cusp of the solution, but am distracted by all the shiny objects off in the distance. I know once I figure out the solution, I can revert back to my original file, and be awesome instead of mediocre. However, My XML project and I are not on speaking terms right now. I ended up cutting down a tree in my backyard so I wouldn't break my computer.
